# Contributing to our Curriculum on Canvas

## Introduction

All the disciplines taught at Flatiron School have one thing in common - they
are all focused on modern industries built on technology. The jobs our graduates
get didn't exist thirty years ago (some didn't even exist _ten_ years ago).

The underlying technologies of these industries are still actively being
developed, and at Flatiron School, we work to keep our content up-to-date with
current industry trends. We periodically meet with businesses that have hired
our graduates to find out what they see around the corner and how we can better
equip our students in the future. We also listen to our students - as our
students forge their own learning paths, they are often exposed to new concepts
outside of our courses that are beneficial to both them and their peers. The
result of this process is that our curriculum is ever-improving and has changed
significantly thanks to the feedback and contributions of our students.

This is where you can help. **We want your feedback**. Every contribution you make
will help future students. Any amount of feedback is welcome. If you see a typo,
let us know. If you feel a concept isn't clearly explained, let us know! If you
hear of a new technology or process that will make a piece of curriculum
obsolete, **let us know**.

There are a few ways you can contribute. In this lesson, we'll take a look at
the different options available.

## Using the Feedback Footer

The quickest and easiest way to contribute is to provide feedback using the
feedback footer. The feedback footer is located at the bottom of every Canvas
lesson. The footer starts with a question, "How do you feel about this lesson?",
followed by two images - a thumbs up and a thumbs down.

![Thumbs Up/Thumbs Down](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/homeroom/welcome-contributing-to-curriculum/thumbs-buttons.png)

Clicking on either thumb will submit feedback on your general impression of the
lesson - was it good or bad? Lessons with a high number of thumbs down help us
identify content that needs maintenance. The opposite is true, too. Lessons with
a high number of thumbs up can indicate a lesson that is effective at achieving
its purpose and may have an approach worth emulating in other content.

## Submitting an Issue on GitHub

Below the thumbs up/thumbs down buttons is question, "Have specific feedback?",
followed by a link:

![Feedback Link](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/homeroom/welcome-contributing-to-curriculum/feedback-link.png)

You can leave feedback and report issues using this link, or by clicking the
flag icon in the upper-right corner of a Canvas lesson:

![Github Icon Flag](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/homeroom/welcome-contributing-to-curriculum/flag-icon.png)

Clicking either the flag icon **or** the "Have specific feedback?" link will
bring you to a new issue form on GitHub for that particular lesson. Submitting a
GitHub issue is beneficial in many ways:

- Using GitHub issues is a common way to raise issues and flag bugs throughout
  the open-source software community as well as being a popular workflow for
  companies to track issues with their software, so by using the issues feature,
  you're getting practice with an important industry tool!
- Issues are publicly viewable in GitHub. This means that other students can see
  your issue and comment on it, adding their own thoughts. This can be very
  helpful to your peers who may encounter the same issue, especially if you can
  share your own potential solution to the problem.
- GitHub issues will always receive a response from someone on the Flatiron
  curriculum team. We may not be able to address an issue you submit quickly,
  but we will always follow up with a response once the issue is fixed.

If you are experiencing an issue that needs more immediate support or is
preventing you from continuing in your coursework, reach out to an instructor or
coach directly for assistance.

## Conclusion

We've made thousands of updates to our content over the years. A significant
portion of those updates have been driven by student feedback. The result is
that the curriculum you see now is greatly improved from where it was even a
year or two ago. In the future, we'd like it to be even better. To achieve this,
we need your help! Please do not hesitate to give us feedback! Your
contributions are much appreciated!
